fix(xcc): return Promise; fix README; make child (#547)
near/near-sdk-rs: examples/cross-contract-high-level/README.md

### Deploying another contract
Let's deploy another contract using `cross-contract`, factory-style.

```bash

> near call cross_contract deploy_status_message "{\"account_id\": \"status_message\", \"amount\":"10000000000000000000000000"}" --accountId=cross_contract

Reviewer: I believe the added quotes also need a backslack:
```suggestion
near call cross_contract deploy_status_message "{\"account_id\": \"status_message\", \"amount\":\"10000000000000000000000000\"}" --accountId=cross_contract
```

Author: Oops, thanks, I'm too used to having the whole JSON in single quotes

```

> This creates a child account, `status_message.cross_contract`, and transfers 10 $NEAR to it (that very long number above is a 10 followed by 24 zeroes, which is the number of yoctoNEAR to transfer; it's a number so big it goes beyond the JSON number serialization limit of 2^53 and must use strings).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This creates a sub-account, `status_message.cross_contract`, and transfers 10 $NEAR to it (the long number above is a 1e25, which is the number of yoctoNEAR to transfer; it's larger than JS's JSON number max size of 2^53 and so it must serialized as a string).
```
